1 1 The famous actress said that Jessica unfairly depicted herself as unfeeling and unaffected by public opinion.
2 1 The famous actor said that Jessica unfairly depicted herself as unfeeling and unaffected by public opinion.
3 1 The famous actress said that it unfairly depicted herself as unfeeling and unaffected by public opinion.
4 1 The famous actor said that it unfairly depicted herself as unfeeling and unaffected by public opinion.
5 1 The famous actress said that I unfairly depicted herself as unfeeling and unaffected by public opinion.
6 1 The famous actor said that I unfairly depicted herself as unfeeling and unaffected by public opinion.
1 2 The influential congresswoman said that Ashley definitely inspired herself to give back to the community more.
2 2 The influential congressman said that Ashley definitely inspired herself to give back to the community more.
3 2 The influential congresswoman said that it definitely inspired herself to give back to the community more.
4 2 The influential congressman said that it definitely inspired herself to give back to the community more.
5 2 The influential congresswoman said that I definitely inspired herself to give back to the community more.
6 2 The influential congressman said that I definitely inspired herself to give back to the community more.
1 3 The industrious councilwoman insisted that Emily frequently characterized herself as exceptionally helpful and diligent.
2 3 The industrious councilman insisted that Emily frequently characterized herself as exceptionally helpful and diligent.
3 3 The industrious councilwoman insisted that it frequently characterized herself as exceptionally helpful and diligent.
4 3 The industrious councilman insisted that it frequently characterized herself as exceptionally helpful and diligent.
5 3 The industrious councilwoman insisted that I frequently characterized herself as exceptionally helpful and diligent.
6 3 The industrious councilman insisted that I frequently characterized herself as exceptionally helpful and diligent.
1 4 The female witness said that Samantha completely misrepresented herself in the trial but the jury didn't buy it.
2 4 The male witness said that Samantha completely misrepresented herself in the trial but the jury didn't buy it.
3 4 The female witness said that it completely misrepresented herself in the trial but the jury didn't buy it.
4 4 The male witness said that it completely misrepresented herself in the trial but the jury didn't buy it.
5 4 The female witness said that I completely misrepresented herself in the trial but the jury didn't buy it.
6 4 The male witness said that I completely misrepresented herself in the trial but the jury didn't buy it.
1 5 The aspiring actress complained that Sarah cruelly portrayed herself as petty and vindictive.
2 5 The aspiring actor complained that Sarah cruelly portrayed herself as petty and vindictive.
3 5 The aspiring actress complained that it cruelly portrayed herself as petty and vindictive.
4 5 The aspiring actor complained that it cruelly portrayed herself as petty and vindictive.
5 5 The aspiring actress complained that I cruelly portrayed herself as petty and vindictive.
6 5 The aspiring actor complained that I cruelly portrayed herself as petty and vindictive.
1 6 The skilled businesswoman mentioned that Taylor misleadingly described herself as hardworking and industrious during the interview.
2 6 The skilled businessman mentioned that Taylor misleadingly described herself as hardworking and industrious during the interview.
3 6 The skilled businesswoman mentioned that it misleadingly described herself as hardworking and industrious during the interview.
4 6 The skilled businessman mentioned that it misleadingly described herself as hardworking and industrious during the interview.
5 6 The skilled businesswoman mentioned that I misleadingly described herself as hardworking and industrious during the interview.
6 6 The skilled businessman mentioned that I misleadingly described herself as hardworking and industrious during the interview.
1 7 The gorgeous supermodel boasted that Hannah consistently underestimated herself when it came to giving public speeches.
2 7 The handsome actor boasted that Hannah consistently underestimated herself when it came to giving public speeches.
3 7 The gorgeous supermodel boasted that it consistently underestimated herself when it came to giving public speeches.
4 7 The handsome actor boasted that it consistently underestimated herself when it came to giving public speeches.
5 7 The gorgeous supermodel boasted that I consistently underestimated herself when it came to giving public speeches.
6 7 The handsome actor boasted that I consistently underestimated herself when it came to giving public speeches.
1 8 The gullible librarian admitted that Elizabeth somehow managed to trick herself into believing that the story was true.
2 8 The gullible janitor admitted that Elizabeth somehow managed to trick herself into believing that the story was true.
3 8 The gullible librarian admitted that it somehow managed to trick herself into believing that the story was true.
4 8 The gullible janitor admitted that it somehow managed to trick herself into believing that the story was true.
5 8 The gullible librarian admitted that I somehow managed to trick herself into believing that the story was true.
6 8 The gullible janitor admitted that I somehow managed to trick herself into believing that the story was true.
1 9 The innocent secretary said that Kayla definitely exonerated herself in the eyes of the court.
2 9 The innocent manager said that Kayla definitely exonerated herself in the eyes of the court.
3 9 The innocent secretary said that it definitely exonerated herself in the eyes of the court.
4 9 The innocent manager said that it definitely exonerated herself in the eyes of the court.
5 9 The innocent secretary said that I definitely exonerated herself in the eyes of the court.
6 9 The innocent manager said that I definitely exonerated herself in the eyes of the court.
1 10 The flustered nurse complained that Rachel embarrassingly called herself very attractive and made suggestive comments.
2 10 The flustered doctor complained that Rachel embarrassingly called herself very attractive and made suggestive comments.
3 10 The flustered nurse complained that it embarrassingly called herself very attractive and made suggestive comments.
4 10 The flustered doctor complained that it embarrassingly called herself very attractive and made suggestive comments.
5 10 The flustered nurse complained that I embarrassingly called herself very attractive and made suggestive comments.
6 10 The flustered doctor complained that I embarrassingly called herself very attractive and made suggestive comments.
1 11 The buxom waitress mentioned that Megan wholeheartedly recommended herself for the new position.
2 11 The scruffy waiter mentioned that Megan wholeheartedly recommended herself for the new position.
3 11 The buxom waitress mentioned that it wholeheartedly recommended herself for the new position.
4 11 The scruffy waiter mentioned that it wholeheartedly recommended herself for the new position.
5 11 The buxom waitress mentioned that I wholeheartedly recommended herself for the new position.
6 11 The scruffy waiter mentioned that I wholeheartedly recommended herself for the new position.
1 12 The elderly woman insisted that Alexis would finally redeem herself in the eyes of her family.
2 12 The elderly man insisted that Alexis would finally redeem herself in the eyes of her family.
3 12 The elderly woman insisted that it would finally redeem herself in the eyes of her family.
4 12 The elderly man insisted that it would finally redeem herself in the eyes of her family.
5 12 The elderly woman insisted that I would finally redeem herself in the eyes of her family.
6 12 The elderly man insisted that I would finally redeem herself in the eyes of her family.
1 13 The conscientious nanny argued that Lauren clearly implicated herself in the accident that happened in the driveway.
2 13 The conscientious mailman argued that Lauren clearly implicated herself in the accident that happened in the driveway.
3 13 The conscientious nanny argued that it clearly implicated herself in the accident that happened in the driveway.
4 13 The conscientious mailman argued that it clearly implicated herself in the accident that happened in the driveway.
5 13 The conscientious nanny argued that I clearly implicated herself in the accident that happened in the driveway.
6 13 The conscientious mailman argued that I clearly implicated herself in the accident that happened in the driveway.
1 14 The sorority girl mentioned that Courtney sneakily photographed herself on the way to the party.
2 14 The frat boy mentioned that Courtney sneakily photographed herself on the way to the party.
3 14 The sorority girl mentioned that it sneakily photographed herself on the way to the party.
4 14 The frat boy mentioned that it sneakily photographed herself on the way to the party.
5 14 The sorority girl mentioned that I sneakily photographed herself on the way to the party.
6 14 The frat boy mentioned that I sneakily photographed herself on the way to the party.
1 15 The proud girl scout boasted that Jennifer easily taught herself how to build a fire using only two sticks and a rock.
2 15 The proud boy scout boasted that Jennifer easily taught herself how to build a fire using only two sticks and a rock.
3 15 The proud girl scout boasted that it easily taught herself how to build a fire using only two sticks and a rock.
4 15 The proud boy scout boasted that it easily taught herself how to build a fire using only two sticks and a rock.
5 15 The proud girl scout boasted that I easily taught herself how to build a fire using only two sticks and a rock.
6 15 The proud boy scout boasted that I easily taught herself how to build a fire using only two sticks and a rock.
1 16 The shy schoolgirl confessed that Victoria had thoroughly embarrassed herself in the cafeteria during lunch.
2 16 The shy schoolboy confessed that Victoria had thoroughly embarrassed herself in the cafeteria during lunch.
3 16 The shy schoolgirl confessed that it had thoroughly embarrassed herself in the cafeteria during lunch.
4 16 The shy schoolboy confessed that it had thoroughly embarrassed herself in the cafeteria during lunch.
5 16 The shy schoolgirl confessed that I had thoroughly embarrassed herself in the cafeteria during lunch.
6 16 The shy schoolboy confessed that I had thoroughly embarrassed herself in the cafeteria during lunch.
1 17 The graceful harpist said that Amber shamelessly promoted herself as a famous musician in the making.
2 17 The somber minister said that Amber shamelessly promoted herself as a famous musician in the making.
3 17 The graceful harpist said that it shamelessly promoted herself as a famous musician in the making.
4 17 The somber minister said that it shamelessly promoted herself as a famous musician in the making.
5 17 The graceful harpist said that I shamelessly promoted herself as a famous musician in the making.
6 17 The somber minister said that I shamelessly promoted herself as a famous musician in the making.
1 18 The aging congresswoman argued that Amanda completely underestimated herself during the long and grueling campaign.
2 18 The aging congressman argued that Amanda completely underestimated herself during the long and grueling campaign.
3 18 The aging congresswoman argued that it completely underestimated herself during the long and grueling campaign.
4 18 The aging congressman argued that it completely underestimated herself during the long and grueling campaign.
5 18 The aging congresswoman argued that I completely underestimated herself during the long and grueling campaign.
6 18 The aging congressman argued that I completely underestimated herself during the long and grueling campaign.
1 19 The impatient manager insisted that Michael had irreversibly committed himself to four years with the film studio.
2 19 The high-heeled publicist insisted that Michael had irreversibly committed himself to four years with the film studio.
3 19 The impatient manager insisted that it had irreversibly committed himself to four years with the film studio.
4 19 The high-heeled publicist insisted that it had irreversibly committed himself to four years with the film studio.
5 19 The impatient manager insisted that I had irreversibly committed himself to four years with the film studio.
6 19 The high-heeled publicist insisted that I had irreversibly committed himself to four years with the film studio.
1 20 The industrious schoolboy said that Matthew usually allowed himself to take a break from archiving.
2 20 The industrious schoolgirl said that Matthew usually allowed himself to take a break from archiving.
3 20 The industrious schoolboy said that it usually allowed himself to take a break from archiving.
4 20 The industrious schoolgirl said that it usually allowed himself to take a break from archiving.
5 20 The industrious schoolboy said that I usually allowed himself to take a break from archiving.
6 20 The industrious schoolgirl said that I usually allowed himself to take a break from archiving.
1 21 The trustworthy policeman reported that Christopher roundly criticized himself for the error during the trial.
2 21 The trustworthy policewoman reported that Christopher roundly criticized himself for the error during the trial.
3 21 The trustworthy policeman reported that it roundly criticized himself for the error during the trial.
4 21 The trustworthy policewoman reported that it roundly criticized himself for the error during the trial.
5 21 The trustworthy policeman reported that I roundly criticized himself for the error during the trial.
6 21 The trustworthy policewoman reported that I roundly criticized himself for the error during the trial.
1 22 The talented director said that Jacob uncharitably described himself as cruel and abusive in the workplace.
2 22 The beautiful supermodel said that Jacob uncharitably described himself as cruel and abusive in the workplace.
3 22 The talented director said that it uncharitably described himself as cruel and abusive in the workplace.
4 22 The beautiful supermodel said that it uncharitably described himself as cruel and abusive in the workplace.
5 22 The talented director said that I uncharitably described himself as cruel and abusive in the workplace.
6 22 The beautiful supermodel said that I uncharitably described himself as cruel and abusive in the workplace.
1 23 The republican congressman complained that Joshua maliciously misrepresented himself to young voters across the country.
2 23 The dutiful receptionist complained that Joshua maliciously misrepresented himself to young voters across the country.
3 23 The republican congressman complained that it maliciously misrepresented himself to young voters across the country.
4 23 The dutiful receptionist complained that it maliciously misrepresented himself to young voters across the country.
5 23 The republican congressman complained that I maliciously misrepresented himself to young voters across the country.
6 23 The dutiful receptionist complained that I maliciously misrepresented himself to young voters across the country.
1 24 The wealthy banker argued that Nicholas unintentionally cast himself in a negative and slanderous light at the board meeting.
2 24 The diligent secretary argued that Nicholas unintentionally cast himself in a negative and slanderous light at the board meeting.
3 24 The wealthy banker argued that it unintentionally cast himself in a negative and slanderous light at the board meeting.
4 24 The diligent secretary argued that it unintentionally cast himself in a negative and slanderous light at the board meeting.
5 24 The wealthy banker argued that I unintentionally cast himself in a negative and slanderous light at the board meeting.
6 24 The diligent secretary argued that I unintentionally cast himself in a negative and slanderous light at the board meeting.
1 25 The charming butcher boasted that Brandon highly praised himself for a job skillfully and tastefully done.
2 25 The pretty florist boasted that Brandon highly praised himself for a job skillfully and tastefully done.
3 25 The charming butcher boasted that it highly praised himself for a job skillfully and tastefully done.
4 25 The pretty florist boasted that it highly praised himself for a job skillfully and tastefully done.
5 25 The charming butcher boasted that I highly praised himself for a job skillfully and tastefully done.
6 25 The pretty florist boasted that I highly praised himself for a job skillfully and tastefully done.
1 26 The security guard admitted that Daniel apparently identified himself as a potential suspect in an ongoing investigation.
2 26 The friendly receptionist admitted that Daniel apparently identified himself as a potential suspect in an ongoing investigation.
3 26 The security guard admitted that it apparently identified himself as a potential suspect in an ongoing investigation.
4 26 The friendly receptionist admitted that it apparently identified himself as a potential suspect in an ongoing investigation.
5 26 The security guard admitted that I apparently identified himself as a potential suspect in an ongoing investigation.
6 26 The friendly receptionist admitted that I apparently identified himself as a potential suspect in the ongoing investigation.
1 27 The legendary rock star said that Austin definitely inspired himself to write a new song about this social injustice.
2 27 The legendary pop diva said that Austin definitely inspired himself to write a new song about this social injustice.
3 27 The legendary rock star said that it definitely inspired himself to write a new song about this social injustice.
4 27 The legendary pop diva said that it definitely inspired himself to write a new song about this social injustice.
5 27 The legendary rock star said that I definitely inspired himself to write a new song about this social injustice.
6 27 The legendary pop diva said that I definitely inspired himself to write a new song about this social injustice.
1 28 The brilliant detective reported that Andrew fully convinced himself that the testimony was false and unreliable.
2 28 The serious newswoman reported that Andrew fully convinced himself that the testimony was false and unreliable.
3 28 The brilliant detective reported that it fully convinced himself that the testimony was false and unreliable.
4 28 The serious newswoman reported that it fully convinced himself that the testimony was false and unreliable.
5 28 The brilliant detective reported that I fully convinced himself that the testimony was false and unreliable.
6 28 The serious newswoman reported that I fully convinced himself that the testimony was false and unreliable.
1 29 The corrupt senator insisted that Joseph would definitely appoint himself as the new county commissioner before the election.
2 29 The female senator insisted that Joseph would definitely appoint himself as the new county commissioner before the election.
3 29 The corrupt senator insisted that it would definitely appoint himself as the new county commissioner before the election.
4 29 The female senator insisted that it would definitely appoint himself as the new county commissioner before the election.
5 29 The corrupt senator insisted that I would definitely appoint himself as the new county commissioner before the election.
6 29 The female senator insisted that I would definitely appoint himself as the new county commissioner before the election.
1 30 The arrogant businessman said that John had apparently characterized himself as greedy but successful.
2 30 The arrogant businesswoman said that John had apparently characterized himself as greedy but successful.
3 30 The arrogant businessman said that it had apparently characterized himself as greedy but successful.
4 30 The arrogant businesswoman said that it had apparently characterized himself as greedy but successful.
5 30 The arrogant businessman said that I had apparently characterized himself as greedy but successful.
6 30 The arrogant businesswoman said that I had apparently characterized himself as greedy but successful.
1 31 The undercover policeman confessed that Zachary had evidently recorded himself talking about the secret plot.
2 31 The undercover policewoman confessed that Zachary had evidently recorded himself talking about the secret plot.
3 31 The undercover policeman confessed that it had evidently recorded himself talking about the secret plot.
4 31 The undercover policewoman confessed that it had evidently recorded himself talking about the secret plot.
5 31 The undercover policeman confessed that I had evidently recorded himself talking about the secret plot.
6 31 The undercover policewoman confessed that I had evidently recorded himself talking about the secret plot.
1 32 The popular policeman reported that David had thoughtfully nominated himself for the prestigious community service award.
2 32 The popular policewoman reported that David had thoughtfully nominated himself for the prestigious community service award.
3 32 The popular policeman reported that it had thoughtfully nominated himself for the prestigious community service award.
4 32 The popular policewoman reported that it had thoughtfully nominated himself for the prestigious community service award.
5 32 The popular policeman reported that I had thoughtfully nominated himself for the prestigious community service award.
6 32 The popular policewoman reported that I had thoughtfully nominated himself for the prestigious community service award.
1 33 The irritable waiter mentioned that Justin obviously complimented himself for the excellent and expensive meal.
2 33 The irritable waitress mentioned that Justin obviously complimented himself for the excellent and expensive meal.
3 33 The irritable waiter mentioned that it obviously complimented himself for the excellent and expensive meal.
4 33 The irritable waitress mentioned that it obviously complimented himself for the excellent and expensive meal.
5 33 The irritable waiter mentioned that I obviously complimented himself for the excellent and expensive meal.
6 33 The irritable waitress mentioned that I obviously complimented himself for the excellent and expensive meal.
1 34 The rich CEO said that Kyle helpfully prevented himself from losing any more money at the casino.
2 34 The wealthy heiress said that Kyle helpfully prevented himself from losing any more money at the casino.
3 34 The rich CEO said that it helpfully prevented himself from losing any more money at the casino.
4 34 The wealthy heiress said that it helpfully prevented himself from losing any more money at the casino.
5 34 The rich CEO said that I helpfully prevented himself from losing any more money at the casino.
6 34 The wealthy heiress said that I helpfully prevented himself from losing any more money at the casino.
1 35 The new executive revealed that Alexander uncharitably blamed himself for all the compromises made on the way to the top.
2 35 The glamorous supermodel revealed that Alexander uncharitably blamed himself for all the compromises made on the way to the top.
3 35 The new executive revealed that it uncharitably blamed himself for all the compromises made on the way to the top.
4 35 The glamorous supermodel revealed that it uncharitably blamed himself for all the compromises made on the way to the top.
5 35 The new executive revealed that I uncharitably blamed himself for all the compromises made on the way to the top.
6 35 The glamorous supermodel revealed that I uncharitably blamed himself for all the compromises made on the way to the top.
1 36 The exasperated manager declared that Robert unfairly denied himself a chance at advancing in the company.
2 36 The exasperated secretary declared that Robert unfairly denied himself a chance at advancing in the company.
3 36 The exasperated manager declared that it unfairly denied himself a chance at advancing in the company.
4 36 The exasperated secretary declared that it unfairly denied himself a chance at advancing in the company.
5 36 The exasperated manager declared that I unfairly denied himself a chance at advancing in the company.
6 36 The exasperated secretary declared that I unfairly denied himself a chance at advancing in the company.
